{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9  13.3 KB\par
\par
                                                                    modal: css and css3\par
\par
Q.1 What are the benefits of using CSS?\par
\par
answer=   With CSS, you can control the color, font, the size of text, the spacing between elements, \par
          how elements are positioned and laid out, what background images or background colors are to be used, \par
          different displays for different devices and screen sizes, and much more! \par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
Q.2 What are the disadvantages of CSS?\par
 \par
answer= 1.Confusion due to many CSS levels. Beginners are more vulnerable to this issue. ...\par
        2.Cross-Browser Issues. Different browsers work differently. ...\par
        3.Security Issues. Security is important in today's world driven by technology and data. ...\par
        4.Extra Work for Developers.\par
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Q.3\f1\bullet  What is the difference between CSS2 and CSS3?\par
 \par
anser=   css-2=>\par
\par
1.      CSS is capable of positioning texts and objects. \par
2\tab Responsive designing is not supported in CSS\par
3\tab CSS cannot be split into modules.\par
4\tab Using CSS, we cannot build 3D animation and transformation.\par
5\tab CSS is very slow as compared to CSS3\par
6\tab In CSS we have set of standard colors and it uses basic color schemes only.\par
7\tab In CSS we can only use single text blocks.\par
9\tab CSS codes are not supported by all types of modern browsers.\par
10\tab In CSS, designers have to manually develop rounded gradients and corners.\par
11\tab There is no special effect like shadowing text, text animation, etc. in CSS. The animation was coded in jQuery and JavaScript.\par
12\tab In CSS, the user can add background colors to list items and lists, set images for the list items, etc.\par
13\tab CSS was developed in 1996.\tab\par
14\tab CSS is memory intensive.\par
\par
\par
         css-3=>\par
1. On the other hand, CSS3 is capable of making the web page more attractive and takes less time to create. CSS3 is backward compatible with CSS.\par
2. CSS3 is the latest version, hence it supports responsive design.\par
3. Whereas CSS3 can be breakdown into modules.\par
4. But in CSS3 we can perform all kinds of animation and transformations as it supports animation and 3D transformations.\par
5. Whereas CSS3 is faster than CSS.\par
6. Whereas CSS3 has a good collection of HSL RGBA, HSLA, and gradient colors.\par
7. But in CSS3 we can use multi-column text blocks\par
8. But CSS3 supports media queries\par
9. Being the latest version, CSS3 codes are supported by all modern browsers.\par
10. But CSS3 provides advanced codes for setting rounded gradients and corners\par
11. CSS3 has many advance features like text shadows, visual effects, and a wide range of font styles and colors.\par
12.CSS3 has many advance features like text shadows, visual effects, and a wide range of font styles and colors.\par
13. CSS3 is the latest version of CSS and was released in 2005.\par
14. CSS3 memory consumption is low as compared to CSS.\par
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------//\par
\par
Q.4\bullet  Name a few CSS style components\par
 \par
answer=  \tab Properties: These are human-readable identifiers that indicate which stylistic features you want to modify. \par
                For example, font-size , width , background-color .\par
\par
                    Values: Each property is assigned a value. This value indicates how to style the property.\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------///\par
\par
Q.5\bullet  What do you understand by CSS opacity? \par
\par
answer=>  The opacity property sets the opacity level for an element.\par
\par
          The opacity-level describes the transparency-level,\par
           where 1 is not transparent at all, 0.5 is 50% see-through,\par
           and 0 is completely transparent.\par
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------//\par
\par
Q.6 \bullet  How can the background color of an element be changed? \par
\par
answer=> The CSS background properties are used to add background effects for elements.\par
\par
           In these chapters, you will learn about the following CSS background properties:\par
\par
         .background-color\par
         .background-image\par
         .background-repeat\par
         .background-attachment\par
         . background-position\par
         .background (shorthand property)\par
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------//\par
\par
Q.7  \bullet  How can image repetition of the backup be controlled? \par
\par
answer=> In this article, we will see how an image repetition of the backup is controlled in CSS. \par
         This task can be achieved by using the background-repeat property that will help us to control the repetition of the image.\par
\par
         The background-repeat property in CSS is used to repeat the background image both horizontally and vertically. \par
         It also decides whether the background image will be repeated or not.\par
\par
           syntax=> background-repeat: repeat|repeat-x|repeat-y|no-repeat|initial|inherit;\par
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Q.8 \bullet  What is the use of the background-position property? \par
\par
answer=>  The background-position property sets the starting position of a background image.\par
\par
          Tip: By default, a background-image is placed at the top-left corner of an element, and repeated both vertically and horizontally.\par
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------/\par
\par
Q.9\bullet  Which property controls the image scroll in the background? \par
\par
answer=>  The background-attachment property sets whether a background image scrolls with the rest of the page, or is fixed.Example\par
A background-image that will not scroll with the page (fixed):\par
   \par
                     example->\par
\par
                        body \{\par
                         background-image: url("img_tree.gif");\par
                         background-repeat: no-repeat;\par
                         background-attachment: fixed;\par
                            \}\par
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------//\par
\par
Q.10 \bullet  Why should background and color be used as separate properties? \par
\par
answer=> The background-color property sets the background color of an element.\par
         The background of an element is the total size of the element, including padding and border (but not the margin).\par
         \par
\par
            Tip: Use a background color and a text color that makes the text easy to read.\par
\par
           syntex=>body \{background-color: coral;\}\par
\par
\par
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------//\par
\par
Q,11 How to center block elements using CSS1? \par
\par
answer =>  To horizontally center a block element (like <div>), use margin: auto;\par
\par
           Setting the width of the element will prevent it from stretching out to the edges of its container.\par
\par
           The element will then take up the specified width, and the remaining space will be split equally between the two margin:\par
\par
  syntex=>           .center \{\par
                              margin: auto;\par
                            width: 60%;\par
                          border: 3px solid #73AD21;\par
                         padding: 10px;\par
                         \}\par
                    </style>\par
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------//\par
\par
Q.12 How to maintain the CSS specifications?\par
\par
answer=>  \par
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------//////////////\par
\par
Q.13. \bullet  What are the ways to integrate CSS as a web page? \par
 \par
\par
answer =>            * Inline - by using the style attribute inside HTML elements.\par
                              * Internal - by using a <style> element in the <head> section.\par
                              *External - by using a <link> element to link to an external CSS file.\par
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------//\par
\par
Q,14- \bullet  What is embedded style sheets?\par
\par
answer => Embedded Stylesheet: It allows you to define styles for a particular HTML document as a whole in one place.\par
                  This is done by embedding the <style></style> tags containing the CSS properties in the head of your document.\par
\par
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------//\par
\par
Q,15 \bullet  What are the external style sheets? \par
\par
answer => With an external style sheet, you can change the look of an entire website by changing just one file!\par
\par
                  Each HTML page must include a reference to the external style sheet file inside the <link> element, inside the head section.\par
\par
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------//////////\par
\par
Q.16\bullet  What are the advantages and disadvantages of using external style sheets? \par
\par
answer =>  The advantages of External Style Sheets  :\par
\par
                                       1.With the help of External Style Sheets, the styles of numerous documents can be organized from one single file.\par
                                       2. In External Style Sheets, Classes can be made for use on numerous HTML element types in many forms of the site.\par
                                       3.In complex contexts, Methods like selector and grouping can be implemented to apply styles.\par
\par
\par
                    The disadvantages of External Style Sheets are as follows :\par
\par
                                     1.An extra download is essential to import style information for each file.\par
                                     2.The execution of the file may be deferred till the external style sheet is loaded.\par
                                     3.While implementing style sheets, we need to test Web pages with multiple browsers in order to check compatibility issues.\par
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------//\par
\par
Q.17 \bullet  What is the meaning of the CSS selector? \par
\par
answer =>  Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) is a stylesheet language used to describe the presentation of a document written in HTML or XML (including XML                     dialects such as SVG, MathML or XHTML).\par
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------////\par
\par
Q.18 \bullet  What are the media types allowed by CSS? \par
\par
answer=>    1.  continuous or paged.\par
                    2.visual, audio, speech, or tactile.\par
                    3.grid (for character grid devices), or bitmap.\par
                    4.interactive (for devices that allow user interaction), or static (for those that do not).\par
                        all (includes all media types)\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------////\par
\par
Q.19 \bullet  What is the rule set? \par
\par
answer => The selector points to the HTML element you want to style.\par
\par
                 The declaration block contains one or more declarations separated by semicolons.\par
\par
                   Each declaration includes a CSS property name and a value, separated by a colon.\par
\par
                  Multiple CSS declarations are separated with semicolons, and declaration blocks are surrounded by curly braces.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------////\par
Q.20\bullet  Create Layouts \par
\par
answer =>   \par
                    1.Create a mood board. Make an inspiration collage or mood board before getting started on your own design. ...\par
                    2.Match your design to your content. ...\par
                    3.Turn to templates to guide yourself. ...\par
                    4.Create visual contrast. ...\par
                    5. Play around with typography. ...\par
                    6.Embrace white space. ...\par
                      Experiment with the rules.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\f0\par
}
 